This is the pinnacle of the entire lower middle.
There is no hero of the most noble temple in the middle and lower
Or where only the richest people in the middle and lower classes can live
Even the king of Building 1
It is beyond the reach of even the richest man
Do you dare to be cautious?
Are you looking for death? Why did this just offend the Qin family?
Come to Genting Tiangong to steal something
We exposed him, and he was pissed.
Believe it or not, I will report you now.
Cute, don't disturb me, go back and rest.
Go back to rest
Do you mean you have a house in Genting Tiangong?
Old bandit Guo, how dare you say it?
Look at your whole body more than 100 yuan
A poor dog like you
Even if you work hard for hundreds of years
I can't live in this Genting Heaven Palace
A toilet in the lowest-class house
Oh, it's so pitiful if it's like a new city.
Spread a relative like you
It's been eight lifetimes of blood mold
It's hilarious
You said you have a house in here
Then take out the key and let's see
Boy, you better get on your knees now
Wait for the security of Genting Heaven Palace to come
Otherwise, I will cripple you
Come with me! Stop!
You still dare to hit Xu Shao